{"en":"Insurance companies are normally willing to insure anything. ^ ","ch":"保险公司一般说来愿意承保一切东西。  "}
{"en":"Insuring public or private property is a standard practice in most countries in the world. ^ ","ch":"承办公共财产或私人财产保险是世界上大部分国家的正常业务。  "}
{"en":"If,  however,  you were holding an open air garden party or a fete it would be equally possible to insure yourself in the event of bad weather. ^ ","ch":"如果你要举办一次露天游园会或盛宴， 为避免碰上不好的天气而遭受损失也同样可以保险，  "}
{"en":"Needless to say,  the bigger the risk an insurance company takes,  the higher the premium you will have to pay. ^ ","ch":"不用说， 保险公司承担风险越大， 你付的保险费也就越高。  "}
{"en":"It is not uncommon to hear that a shipping company has made a claim for the cost of salvaging a sunken ship. ^ ","ch":"航运公司为打捞沉船而提出索赔， 这是常有的事，  "}
{"en":"But the claim made by a local authority to recover the cost of salvaging a sunken pie dish must surely be unique. ^ ","ch":"但某地当局为打捞一只焙制馅饼的盘子提出索赔， 倒是件新鲜事儿。  "}
{"en":"Admittedly it was an unusual pie dish,  for it was eighteen feet long and six feet wide. ^ ","ch":"这个馅饼盘子确实少见， 有18英尺长， 6英尺宽。  "}
{"en":"It had been purchased by a local authority so that an enormous pie could be baked for an annual fair. ^ ","ch":"某地方当局买下它用来焙制一个巨大的馅饼为一年一度交易会助兴。  "}
{"en":"The pie committee decided that the best way to transport the dish would be by canal,  so they insured it for the trip. ^ ","ch":"馅饼委员会确认运输这只盘子的最佳方案是通过运河水运。 于是， 他们对这只盘子的运输安全投了保。  "}
{"en":"Shortly after it was launched,  the pie committee went to a local inn to celebrate. ^ ","ch":"盘子下水后不久， 馅饼委员会成员们来到当地一家小酒店庆贺。  "}
{"en":"At the same time,  a number of teenagers climbed on to the dish and held a little party of their own. ^ ","ch":"就在这个时候， 许多十几岁的孩子爬盘子举行他们自己的集会。  "}
{"en":"Dancing proved to be more than the dish could bear,  for during the party it capsized and sank in seven feet of water. ^ ","ch":"他们跳起了舞， 盘子难以承受。 舞会进行过程中， 盘子倾覆， 沉入了7英尺深的水中。  "}
{"en":"The pie committee telephoned a local garage owner who arrived in a recovery truck to salvage the pie dish. ^ ","ch":"馅饼委员会给当地汽车修理库老板打电话， 他闻讯后开着一辆急修车前来打捞盘子。  "}
{"en":"Shivering in their wet clothes,  the teenagers looked on while three men dived repeatedly into the water to locate the dish. ^ ","ch":"那些孩子们穿着湿衣服哆嗦， 看着3个工人轮潜入水中以确定盘子的位置。  "}
{"en":"They had little difficulty in finding it,  but hauling it out of the water proved to be a serious problem. ^ ","ch":"他们没费多大事儿就找到了盘子。 可是把盘子捞出却是一个很大的难题。  "}
{"en":"The sides of the dish were so smooth that it was almost impossible to attach hawsers and chains to the rim without damaging it. ^ ","ch":"盘子四边十分光滑， 要在盘边拴上绳索或链条而同时又不损坏它是很难办到的。  "}
{"en":"Eventually chains were fixed to one end of the dish and a powerful winch was put into operation. ^ ","ch":"不过， 他们终于将链条固定在盘子的一端， 一台大功率的绞车开动起来。  "}
{"en":"The dish rose to the surface and was gently drawn towards the canal bank. ^ ","ch":"盘子慢慢浮出水面， 被轻轻地拽向运河岸边。  "}
{"en":"For one agonizing moment,  the dish was perched precariously on the bank of the canal, ^ ","ch":"在令人忐忑不安的瞬间， 盘子晃晃悠悠地上了岸，  "}
{"en":"but it suddenly overbalanced and slid back into the water. ^ ","ch":"但它突然失去了平衡， 又跌回水中。  "}
{"en":"This time they fixed heavy metal clamps to both sides of the dish so that they could fasten the chains. ^ ","ch":"这次， 他们用沉重的金属夹子把盘子夹住， 以便往盘子上安装铁链。  "}
{"en":"The dish now had to be lifted vertically because one edge was resting against the side of the canal. ^ ","ch":"这次， 盘子必须垂直吊出水面， 因为盘子的一边紧靠着运河河岸。  "}
{"en":"The winch was again put into operation and one of the men started up the truck. ^ ","ch":"绞盘机再次启动， 一位工人发动了急修车的引擎。  "}
{"en":"Several minutes later,  the dish was successfully hauled above the surface of the water. ^ ","ch":"几分钟后， 盘子被成功地拽出了水面。  "}
{"en":"Water streamed in torrents over its sides with such force that it set up a huge wave in the canal. ^ ","ch":"波浪从盘子两侧急涌而出， 在运河里掀起一股大浪。  "}
{"en":"There was a danger that the wave would rebound off the other side of the bank and send the dish plunging into the water again. ^ ","ch":"但是当波浪从河对岸折回来时， 就有再次把盘子拖进水里的危险。  "}
{"en":"By working at tremendous speed,  the men managed to get the dish on to dry land before the wave returned. ^ ","ch":"工人们动作迅速， 终于赶在那股大浪返回之前把盘子拽到了岸上。  "}